Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: aether
Version: 0.2.13
Summary: Welcome to the Aether Platform
Home-page: https://davidbernat.github.io/aether-user/html/index.html
Author: David Bernat
Author-email: david.bernat@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description-Content-Type: UNKNOWN
Description: 
        The Aether platform is a system of applications and utilities for developers to rapidly and easily build algorithms that use satellite and geospatial data. The Aether platform is accessible by REST API and python, but operates entirely in the cloud using deferred graphs. This allows developers to build and execute applications with processing abstracted away and minimal data transfer. An important consequence of this design choice is that the same algorithm code developers use during exploration can be repackaged and deployed as mobile or web applications. These applications are entirely portable, and can be published to users or other developers through a simple URL key.
        
        In that regard, the Aether platform is an SDK for satellite analytics and framework for mobile end user applications.
        
        The Aether platform currently supports search of three open data available Resources: the LandSat Archive (LandSat 4 through 8 satellites), the Sentinel-2 satellite, and the USDA Cropland Data Layer, a 30m per pixel map of the US categorizing the agricultural land use annually.
        
        The platform is designed to rapidly add new data layers, making them available through the same interface. Resources can be hosted by Aether, or made accessible via owner API, and restricted to a subset of users. The usage of each Resource and its geographic usage is tracked as well.
        
Keywords: satellite,imagery,remote sensing,starlight,platform,gis
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: GIS
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Atmospheric Science
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Information Analysis
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Physics
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
